# re-landingpage
Reverse engineer a landing page, TOP Foundations Project

In this project, I am taking a finished site picture and reverse engineering it's underlying code.
Rather than use the same boring filler text, I choose to create a Robot Plumbing company. Dave happens to be the name of the owner who manages his robot plumbers.

I will most likely utilize some AI generated images for creative robot plumber pictures.

All code is generated by me without the aid of AI.

In exploring image generation Terms of Service, I found that xAI (Grok) does not have a good service for commercial use.
While this project is generally for personal use and used as an exercise, I do not want to get in the habit of utilizing images
that could be revoked or create problems for clients.

I did find that Adobe Firefly is available for image gen and it's results from non-beta services are safe to use commercially.
Adobe trains their algorithm using Creative Commons images and Adobe Stock images which have an open commercial license.
From my research, the other image generators do not have the same freedom.

For personal use or goofing around, AI image gen in general is safe. For images used commercially in any aspect, it is best to use
images owned or created by the parent company OR use creative commons with proper attribution. The exception is using Adobe's Firefly
service since it is designed to be utilized commercially.



Photo attributions:
ffwavingrobots.jpg Adobe Firefly generated
basin.jpg Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/brett_hondow-49958/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=248640">Brett Hondow</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=248640">Pixabay</a>
h2o.jpg Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/imagesbg-2002298/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1610746">ImagesBG</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=1610746">Pixabay</a>
ffwaterheater.jpg Adobe Firefly generated
wrenches.jpg Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/stevepb-282134/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=840835">Steve Buissinne</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=image&utm_content=840835">Pixabay</a>